- Make sure the FULL path of wherever you want to put your code doesn't have ANY spaces in the directory names.
- Pull new branch (correctly into `Working Folders` or `Stable_Testing_Repos` as appropriate)
-- Make sure you're on the right branch (if you just fresh pulled the repo, you'll start on `master`)
- Go into `CubeRoverPackage/Apps/FlightSoftware/fprime`
- Run `./configure.sh` (updates `defines_common.mk` with correct package locations)
- Open `build_libs.sh` as text and follow any instructions in the comments at the top (there shouldn't be any at this point)
-- Delete `Libs/` if it exists (it will not on a fresh install - only should exist if you've run in this dir before)
-- Run `git clean -xdf` to get rid of any temporary files that may already exist
-- Check build environment dirs point to the correct locations
--- Check `mk/configs/compiler/defines_ccs.mk`. Make sure `TI_ARM_COMPILER_ROOT_LOC` points to the current location of the CCS compiler
--- Check `mk/configs/compiler/defines_common.mk`. Make sure `CUBEROVER_PACKAGE_TOP_LEVEL` and `FPRIME_ROOT_LOC` point to the correct location of this CubeRoverPackage and the fprime root inside of it (respectively).
-- `cd Os`
-- Run `make gen_make` (builds fprime OS stuff)
-- `cd ../CubeRover`
-- Run `make gen_make` (generates all the python files for building)
--- if it says you have issues with missing python packages, run:
---- `sudo apt-get install python-lxml`
---- `sudo apt-get install python-cheetah`
-- `cd ..`
-- Run `./build_libs.sh` to build the libraries.
--- This used to be manual and painful. This script automates this and *should* work nicely now. The order of builds mattered and getting this wrong caused problems.
--- Ignore any messages that says fail or warnings (most are lack of privledges to delete files), just ignore them (most are innocuous) - particularly the `Error 2`s, `Error 127`s, and most "permission denied" errors. Bad errors will be anything relating to builds errors, specifically in file contents (i.e. pointing to a line number and saying there's an unbuilable issue). If it's specific to something inside the file, then you should be worried.
-- Run `./install_libs.sh`
--- Should put a bunch of `*.a` files into the `Libs` folder.
- `cd CubeRover`
- Run `./clean.sh` (just to make sure you're in a clean environment).
-- Ignore any "cannot remove XXX" folder errors (it's just trying to remove things that don't exist)
- Run `./build.sh`
-- Like `./build_libs.sh` above. Many extraneous errors don't matter. You're looking for specific and detailed errors relating to file contents or saying a file didn't build. Everything should build.
--- Exception is `Error 291` and `Error 136` that come before the patch file (relating to `externs`). If it comes after the patch file, there's a problem. This especially can be the case if adding a new `fprime` component since the naming has to be the same everywhere and the patch file has to be updated to replace it correctly.
---- The patch file is called when you see `patching file XXX`. Errors before this are mostly fine except for whole file build errors.
---- The patch files are:
----- `CubeRover/Top/CubeRoverTopologyAppAc.hpp.patch` (this is the main one and the one you'll likely have to change when you add in a new fprime component),.
----- `CubeRover/NetworkManager/NetworkManagerComponentAc.cpp.patch`
----- `CubeRover/NetworkManager/NetworkManagerComponentAc.hpp.patch`
---- The patch files exist because the `XXXAc.yyy` files are generated by the compiler (when compiling fprime?) and fprime changed how it looks for the externs now (eg. ` Svc::RateGroupDriverImpl rateGroupDriver("rateGroupDriver")` is now `Svc::RateGroupDriverImpl rateGroupDriver`.

- Now it's CCS time!
-- Open CCS 9.10.0 (**NOT** CCS 10.3.0 which is used by WatchDog and MotorController)
--- Grey logo (9.10.0), not the red one (10.3.0).
-- Browse for the correct workspace (will be wherever put it + `CubeRoverPackage/Apps/FlightSoftware/PrimaryFlightController/FlightMCU`)
--- Note: this is **NOT** the `fprime` directory you were just in. That's OK.
-- If you get a basically blank window with only CCS's "Getting Started" directory, then:
--- Run File/Open Projects From File System



**NOTE** **PLEASE** don't push any of the newly compiled files, that you didn't personally edit. **ESPECIALLY** `defines_common.mk`
-- `defines_common.mk` on git should always read as follows because it needs to be standardized for the above build scripts to find what they're searching for:

```
COMMON_DEFINES  := -DISF -DBUILD_$(BUILD)
CUBEROVER_PACKAGE_TOP_LEVEL=$(HOME)/CubeRoverPackage
FPRIME_ROOT_LOC=$(HOME)/CubeRoverPackage/Apps/FlightSoftware/fprime
```

-- Seriously, check right now. Look at all the files that git says were changed (by the build scripts). Don't edit or push **any of them**.
--- `defines_common.mk` shouldn't be in there b/c it was removed from any tree updates with `git update-index --skip-worktree`.